Notes/Feedback:

Community ideas shouldn't be in the calendar- they make it cluttered- should be tappable per day to look at community ideas. Or should just be a list of community ideas that expand when you click on one. Otherwise, the way it is, irrelevant ideas are in the calendar that nobody is even going to. 

--- Good solution: Keep friend ideas just as they are, but collapse community ideas to be very small, expandable?, and very much separate from the rest of the calendar.

** Functionality is not clear that the focus is on doing things with friends

** The point: if we are getting venues to use it as a tool, what they really will want is for their audience to friend them on hoos.in- so we should go back to our original plan just looking at venues as our super users.

instead of - 3 hrs do (3 hrs), and in gray, so it doesn't distract from time

let text (...) off when it is too long instead of expanding boxes more

'+' sign doesn't make sense, and really not necessary to have on the main page.

Community section another color background maybe? Something to separate it?


------------- Mobile Apps --------------

Android App
	GCM messages
		eventually manage multiple devices for same user

iPhone App
	picture for events

General
	How it works section??

--------------- DB / Server -------------

Silo by city **check make cities file in silo_by_city branch
	Put city logic into the events serving methods
	Select city dropdown

DB pruning
	don't make cancel events destroy it, just move it to different table, or just add bool to see if it's still good / over (can do just bool and use it the same for old events)
	Work with scheduler to keep tables manageable for events, invitations, rsvps

Invite only events
	Block anyone else from seeing the event page (just check if their current user has an invitation)

Categorize events

Serve events by day / fix the date-limitation of 20 day forecast

------------- Desktop ------------------

Make it understandable + OVERLY SIMPLE
	?'s next to anything that's ambiguous
	JoyRide implementation?

How it works:

	Welcome to hoos.in.

	hoos.in is a social network to help you live a creative, adventurous and generally awesome social life. 

	Check your calendar on the home page to see what your friends are up to and to find creative ideas from your community for what you can do together. 

	Click on an idea to see the details and who's going. Join one or add your own idea to the mix, and share it with whoever you want to see who else is up for it.

	Up top in the header you can find new friends through the search bar or find your Facebook friends in your city who use hoos.in. You can also see upcoming activity and the latest ideas your friends have shared with you. If you click on your picture, you can access your settings.

	Do great things with friends! We make it easy :)

	-the hoos.in team

	----------

	hoos.in is a small start-up based in Madison, WI with the mission to make it easy for everyone to do great things with friends. We'd love to hear feedback or opportunities of any kind. Email us at info@hoos.in and let us know!


Group '?'
	
	With a community idea like this, you can either join the idea as usual or make your own group. If you make a group, we'll make a copy of the idea that you can customize and share with your friends as if it were your own. This way you can have your own meetup beforehand and have your own discussion via comments.

Community Ideas '?'
	
	Above this section you will find only ideas your friends have shared with you. Below, we aggregate creative and adventurous things that people in your community offer for anyone to join.


Instructions for venues (and a how-to for casual users)

-------------- Board / Investors -------------
5-page plan
	What are we doing (specifics)
	How are we going to do it
	Why?

Presentation
	meet with Niko to get an idea how to structure presentation
	Early hook / intro
	Selling points
	Current Numbers
	Plan

Get in touch with:
	Monty
	Pavan
	Jason
	Justin Beck
	Jesse

--------------- Blog / Social Media ---------------
Styling
	Learn Jekyll / markdown
	Add at least a few images
	'about' and other subpages

Write at least 1 post per week
	Have Alex compile ~3 posts
	Have Alex start up our Twitter

	------------- Venues ----------------

	Instruction email w/ screenshots - Review Adam's
	Pricing DONE
	Contact / customer service solution- Ricky
	Ticketing / Dashboard - Adam
	Complete functionality list


